#Executive Summary

This data flow diagram outlines a system that will help us identify software project licenses and vulnerabilities, this system will compare those licenses and vulnerabilities to policies put into place by managers.  This system has two entities in the manager and the developer who begin the processes.  To start with, our developer will submit new software packages to be scanned for lincenses and also sent to the NIST Vulnerability database to check for known vulnerabilites related to the package.  If the software package passes these scans it will then be sent to our database for open source software packages.  From this database, these software packages can be accessed by developers or managers to find the licenses and vulnerabilities associated with a software project that they are currently working on.  This is done through queries to the database where a request is sent to a process that explores our database and kicks back a result.  A software project is just a name for something that contains multiple software packages and this database will allow for checking many packages at once. 

On the other side of this diagram is the manager, the manager is responsible for creating and changing corporate policy regarding software packages when it comes to licenses and vulnerabilities.  These creations or changes are sent through a process and uploaded into a separate database that will hold all of our corporate policy documents for storage and future retrieval.  From this database a manager or a developer can send a query which goes through a process to search the database for policy documents related to a current software project.  From here, decisions can be made as to whether the software project aligns with our corporate policies.
